Old but Still Gold
https://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2023/77/A-watchdog-for-every-modern-ix-server

Acceptance as Code
https://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2023/73/Verifying-your-configuration

Goodbye virtual machines, hello microVMs
https://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2022/71/Goodbye-virtual-machines-hello-microVMs

Masquerade
https://www.linux-magazine.com/Issues/2022/263/OliveTin-and-Script-Server

Presentation as Code
https://www.linux-magazine.com/Issues/2022/262/Present-Slide-Creator

Goodbye cloud VMs, hello laptop VMs
https://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2022/69/Goodbye-cloud-VMs-hello-laptop-VMs

Goodbye virtual machines, hello container machines
https://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2022/68/Goodbye-virtual-machines-hello-container-machines

Musings from a Life Hacker: Goodbye Fear, Hello Zen!
https://medium.com/@ankur.floss/musings-from-a-life-hacker-goodbye-fear-hello-zen-ab1e11196376

Nativity in the Cloud
https://medium.com/@ankur.floss/nativity-in-the-cloud-f14d9b197306

It's a Virtual Machine... It's a Container...
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/its-virtual-machine-container-ankur-kumar?trk=portfolio_article-card_title

L(X)D Doping for a Minimalist
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/lxd-doping-minimalist-ankur-kumar?trk=portfolio_article-card_title

A Tale of Docker, macOS and [xv]hyve
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/tale-docker-macos-xvhyve-ankur-kumar?trk=pulse-article_more-articles_related-content-card

Cloud Computing and the Art of instant Salad making
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cloud-computing-art-instant-salad-making-ankur-kumar?trk=portfolio_article-card_title

Taming the cloud: Provisioning with Terraform
http://opensourceforu.com/2017/10/taming-cloud-provisioning-terraform/

Remote Execution and Job Orchestration
https://richnusgeeks.wordpress.com/2015/07/03/remote-execution-and-job-orchestration/

Python and Instant GUIs
https://richnusgeeks.wordpress.com/2012/05/15/python-and-instant-guis/

Spicing up the Console for Fun and Profit, Part 2
https://www.opensourceforu.com/2011/11/spicing-up-console-for-fun-profit-2/

Spicing up the Console for Fun and Profit, Part 1
https://www.opensourceforu.com/2011/08/spicing-up-console-for-fun-profit-1/

Turbo Charge Python Apps with Speed, Part 2
https://www.opensourceforu.com/2010/12/turbo-charge-python-apps-with-speed-part-2/

Turbo Charge Python Apps with Speed, Part 1
https://www.opensourceforu.com/2010/07/turbo-charge-python-apps-with-speed-part-1/

Extending Python via Shared Libraries
https://www.opensourceforu.com/2010/05/extending-python-via-shared-libraries/

C and C++ Interpreters
https://richnusgeeks.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/interpretation_lpm.pdf

Vala and Genie
https://richnusgeeks.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/inthebottle_lpm1.pdf

Add GUI elements to your scripts
https://richnusgeeks.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/dialog_lpm.pdf

GeeksZine
https://richnusgeeks.wordpress.com/category/geekszine/
